TO DO's
    Create the basic vibe/aesthetic of the project
    Add more than one deck to choose from
    Design new pieces
    Create artwork
    Implement a profile system
    Save profiles in a backend database

MAYBE
    Make it so when the player gets a strike for timer, their next turn time is cut in half
        (this would really only be useful if a player knows their gonna lose and wants to waste
        the other players time)

UPCOMING CHANGES
    NOW:
        - On the Deck Select Screen, when a piece is clicked on, a display pops up explaining 
        piece movement and ability
        - Fix Online(Make it so when player hosts, it hosts a local port from their computer)
    LATER:
        Redefine abilities & movement into an energy system. Get energy from kills or certain abilities



4x4 CHESS
Deck Themes
Kingdom 
Western
Underworld
Viking
Angelic 
Samurai
Gamblers deck
Greek/Roman (phoenix as rook)
Anarchist (create a deck of any pieces you want within the material cap, BUT it needs to be less than the material cap )
Make the lone slinger (western queen) ability that he can shoot in any queen direction, but it takes a full turn to reload his gun. His movement should be like a king (MAYBE: make it so he can’t move until he’s reloaded)(MAYBE: remove the western pawns ability to upgrade OR if they upgrade, shooting forces all of them to need to be reloaded, but you can only reload one at a time).  
The sheriff may be able to choose a piece on the board to lock up once per game; however, if the sheriff is moved or killed, the piece is freed. The imprisoned piece can’t be killed 
For the Viking king/queen (Viking queen), make the ability that they can rampage down one lane and take out every piece in that lane (not diagonal), but they have to go all the way to the other side, and when they do, they hit their head on the end of the board and are stunned for 1 turn.  
when I knight gets killed, a pawn is given back to them(in their hand), like the rider survived (most likely the Viking deck)
instead of knights for the underworld deck, have a demolition piece that blows itself up, but takes other pieces with it around it. 
The demon king spawns a servant that walks one space in any direction. It goes until it hits something. If it hits a team, the servant dies. If it hits an enemy, the enemy dies (if servant invincible, it can only be done once per demon king, if can be killed, can only have one servant on the board at a time)
Angelics biblical or angel warrior is a healer who heals a random dead piece but has a 1/4 or 1/3 chance that they will die (if it’s the warrior, then the biblical is just like a queen, and pawns can’t upgrade).  their knight (Cupid) links two pieces together
Make a team that has a character that can go invisible, meaning they can’t be killed for one turn (most likely the feudal deck)
Dragons are guardians in Japanese culture. Maybe that could be something (MAYBE: if the dragon dies, the spot becomes protected, and any ally that stands on it is immune to death until they step off it. Once they step off, the the dragon guard disappears)
NEW IDEA: a piece that can either swap itself or two pieces on the board 
Futuristic: swapping pieces and creating portals

greek myths Team: 
    king/queen: Zeus?
    knight: Centaur?
    rook: Minotaur
    bishop: Phoenix(When dies, a pile of ash is lays on the tile. When pressed, phoenix respawns. Can't respawn if there's a piece on the tile),
    pawn: satyr?


NOVA DIVISION****

NOTE: I may change the cupids ability to:
    - Cupid can link one team piece to an enemy piece of the same material
    - Cupid can only link pieces within a certain vacinity of itself OR vacinity of each other


NOTE: New Special Idea:
    - I want a piece that can destabalize other pieces special(likely FOR scientist)
    (Example: break a cupids link or steal an outlaws bullet; maybe 3 uses?)
    - I want a piece that can convert pieces to their team(Maybe it has a % chance of failing and a % chance of dying)
    - I want a piece that can swap the locations of two pieces(only intrateam)
    - I want a piece that can mark a spot its currently on, and when it uses special again, it teleports back to that spot

NOTE: New Energy Idea: 
    - Maybe there is a system for the game where moves require energy, and the number of moves is not limited to 1 per turn
    - Specials take energy instead of having caps to how many per game
    - Some specials can have energy requirements that increase per use, or change depending on number of pieces.
    - All decks have different names for their energy(Ex: Wild west => gold, Demon => souls)
    NOTE: New piece Idea:
        -When a piece is in a high contested area(Ex: the middle of the board), it gains energy per turn. 

Post Beta(Energy Related Abilities):
    - The miner in the wild west deck will have an ability(cost: 1) to attempt to mine. they will have a 50% chance of
    returning +1 energy, a 25% of +2, and a 25% chance of +0
    - When the dragon in the feudal deck dies, a dragon mark is left behind where they died. Anytime a team
    piece lands on that spot, they are granted +1 energy.


BUG(Hell King): Hell kings servant can be killed by outlaws bullets